aayour mobile content from www.clubmoby.com call 08717509990 poly/true/Pix/Ringtones/Games six downloads for only 3 ham	Sorry i din lock my keypad. ham	Did u got that persons story ham	Are you planning to come chennai? spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins Half Price Line Rental Camcorder Reply or call 08000930705 ham	God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!! ham	We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later ham	Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody. ham	Finally it has happened..! Aftr decades..! BEER is now cheaper than PETROL! The goverment expects us to "DRINK". . . But don't "DRIVE " spam	A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611  ham	Where r e meeting tmr? ham	Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day. ham	Hope you are having a great day. ham	Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family. ham	K, I'll work something out spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08718738002 Identifier Code: 48922 Expires 21/11/04 ham	This message is from a great Doctor in India:-): 1) Do not drink APPY FIZZ. It contains Cancer causing age ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message ham	You call him and tell now infront of them. Call him now. ham	Ok no prob... ham	Ladies first and genus second k . ham	No. Yes please. Been swimming? ham	Mum not going robinson already. ham	Ok set let u noe e details later... ham	Not..tel software name.. ham	I send the print  outs da. ham	IM REALY SOZ IMAT MY MUMS 2NITE WHAT ABOUT 2MORO  ham	When I was born, GOD said, "Oh No! Another IDIOT". When you were born, GOD said, "OH No! COMPETITION". Who knew, one day these two will become FREINDS FOREVER! ham	I didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again ham	Probably not, I'm almost out of gas and I get some cash tomorrow spam	Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07099833605 to re-schedule. Ref:9280114 ham	I forgot 2 ask ü all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How? Ü all want 2 write smth or sign on it? ham	I'm leaving my house now. spam	Hi babe its Chloe, how r u? I was smashed on saturday night, it was great! How was your weekend? U been missing me? SP visionsms.com Text stop to stop 150p/text ham	Ü ready then call me... ham	Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb. ham	It is a good thing I'm now getting the connection to bw ham	Sry da..jst nw only i came to home.. ham	That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around ham	Are you staying in town ? ham	Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload ham	Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-).. ham	Alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  &lt;#&gt;  mins ham	But pls dont play in others life. ham	Eatin my lunch... ham	Hmmm.but you should give it on one day.. ham	Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out ham	Ok no prob ham	Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review. ham	By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas ham	Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly. spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No 07808726822 was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9758 BOX95QU ham	A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it. ham	Okey dokey, i‘ll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out. ham	Don no da:)whats you plan? ham	Yes fine  spam	WIN: We have a winner! Mr. T. Foley won an iPod! More exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk ham	I liked the new mobile ham	Anytime... ham	Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ... ham	Yar but they say got some error. ham	Hey anyway i have to :-) ham	Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later. ham	Wif my family booking tour package. ham	Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold? ham	Haha awesome, I might need to take you up on that, what you doin tonight? ham	Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-) ham	Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... U 2 more days only i 4 more leh... ham	Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :) ham	Big brother‘s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits ham	Oops i thk i dun haf enuff... I go check then tell ü.. ham	S:)8 min to go for lunch:) ham	Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow. ham	K will do, addie &amp; I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester. ham	Aiyo... Her lesson so early... I'm still sleepin, haha... Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor... ham	Forgot to tell ü smth.. Can ü like number the sections so that it's clearer.. ham	Yup. Anything lor, if u dun wan it's ok... ham	I'm home, my love ... If your still awake ... *loving kiss* ham	HELLO PEACH! MY CAKE TASTS LUSH! spam	FREE GAME. Get Rayman Golf 4 FREE from the O2 Games Arcade. 1st get UR games settings. Reply POST, then save & activ8. Press 0 key for Arcade. Termsapply ham	There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested? ham	Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour spam	Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to the latest Camera/Video phones for FREE. KEEP UR SAME NUMBER, Get extra free mins/texts. Text YES for a call ham	I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  &lt;#&gt; ham	I've reached already. ham	I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told . ham	K:)eng rocking in ashes:) ham	Wat time r ü going to xin's hostel? ham	Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day. spam	Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase ham	Oh k:)after that placement there ah? ham	Not for possession, especially not first offense ham	Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem? ham	I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me? ham	We have pizza if u want ham	I keep seeing weird shit and bein all "woah" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all "oh" ham	Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday. ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday ham	I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening ham	"Thinking of u ;) x" spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days. ham	Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe. ham	When you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. Right? ham	The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8 ham	Thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. A few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! Take care c u soon.xxx ham	If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to spam	Your weekly Cool-Mob tones are ready to download !This weeks new Tones include: 1) Crazy Frog-AXEL F>>> 2) Akon-Lonely>>> 3) Black Eyed-Dont P >>>More info in n ham	Well boy am I glad G wasted all night at applebees for nothing spam	Cashbin.co.uk (Get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk Dear Welcome to the weekend We have got our biggest and best EVER cash give away!! These.. ham	Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u? ham	U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now. ham	Don't make life too stressfull.. Always find time to Laugh.. It may not add years to your Life! But surely adds more life to ur years!! Gud ni8..swt dreams.. ham	hey, looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want I can text him and see if he's around spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm spam	Thanks 4 your continued support Your question this week will enter u in2 our draw 4 £100 cash. Name the NEW US President? txt ans to 80082 ham	I'm home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine. ham	It's é only $140 ard...É rest all ard $180 at least...Which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900) ham	Me too! Have a lovely night xxx ham	Prepare to be pleasured :) ham	Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:) ham	if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS ham	Whens your radio show? spam	Your unique user ID is 1172. For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412 ham	I'm not sure if its still available though ham	watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling.. ham	CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx ham	Hi..i got the money da:) ham	Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com ham	Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor. ham	U repeat e instructions again. Wat's e road name of ur house? ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas ham	Quite lor. But dun tell him wait he get complacent... ham	Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here? ham	U R THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL IVE EVER SEEN. U R MY BABY COME AND C ME IN THE COMMON ROOM ham	O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time ham	Sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe ham	Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke  ham	Call me, i am senthil from hsbc. ham	Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now. ham	Indeed and by the way it was either or - not both ! spam	Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+ ham	Holy living christ what is taking you so long ham	Ü thk of wat to eat tonight. ham	Thanx. Yup we coming back on sun. Finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. Time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. Hope we'll haf many more mths to come... ham	We're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off ham	Yup. Izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside. ham	Send me your resume:-) ham	Gd luck 4 ur exams :-) ham	Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor. ham	Sorry that was my uncle. I.ll keep in touch ham	Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great spam	URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893 spam	Santa calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas Eve? Call 09077818151 to book you time. Calls1.50ppm last 3mins 30s T&C www.santacalling.com ham	Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable ham	I dont know why she.s not getting your messages ham	its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough? ham	The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired? ham	Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics. ham	How do you plan to manage that ham	Er, hello, things didn‘t quite go to plan – is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off ham	Sorry for the delay. Yes masters ham	Call me when u finish then i come n pick u. spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 078498****7 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180219 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires 06.05.05 ham	What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend. ham	Don't worry though, I understand how important it is that I be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Brb gonna go kill myself ham	Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday ham	E admin building there? I might b slightly earlier... I'll call u when i'm reaching... ham	fyi I'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever ham	i can call in  &lt;#&gt;  min if thats ok ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear ham	Ü no home work to do meh...  ham	Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it... ham	Me too. Mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back. ham	How's ur paper? ham	Got smaller capacity one? Quite ex... spam	Check Out Choose Your Babe Videos @ sms.shsex.netUN fgkslpoPW fgkslpo ham	Im good! I have been thinking about you... spam	u r a winner U ave been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 ) ham	:-) :-) ham	Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok? ham	I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel. ham	Haha, just what I was thinkin ham	Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it... ham	Lol no. Just trying to make your day a little more interesting ham	How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester ham	The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Maat" which means; "the king is dead.." Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:) ham	Po de :-):):-):-):-). No need job aha. ham	Rats. Hey did u ever vote for the next themes? spam	New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today! From ONLY £1. www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION. ham	I hope your pee burns tonite. ham	OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK. ham	Yay can't wait to party together! ham	....photoshop makes my computer shut down. ham	All boys made fun of me today. Ok i have no problem. I just sent one message just for fun ham	That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203652 Identifier Code: 42810 Expires 29/10/0 ham	Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel... ham	Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight? ham	I need details about that online job. spam	YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a £150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386  ham	Missing you too.pray inshah allah ham	Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh ham	I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes ham	S.this will increase the chance of winning. ham	either way works for me. I am  &lt;#&gt;  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you. ham	Maybe you should find something else to do instead??? ham	Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see ham	I liked your new house ham	I'm fine. Hope you are also ham	Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent. ham	Same to u... ham	yes baby! I need to stretch open your pussy! ham	Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say!  ham	Ok... ham	Hey, a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight? ham	"Response" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'HEART'... So, always give response 2 who cares 4 U"... Gud night..swt dreams..take care ham	Nokia phone is lovly.. spam	**FREE MESSAGE**Thanks for using the Auction Subscription Service. 18 . 150p/MSGRCVD 2 Skip an Auction txt OUT. 2 Unsubscribe txt STOP CustomerCare 08718726270 spam	Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines! ham	Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas.. ham	I'm really sorry I lit your hair on fire ham	Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The "sleep on a couch" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents? ham	Okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh. ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u? ham	1. Tension face 2. Smiling face 3. Waste face 4. Innocent face 5.Terror face 6.Cruel face 7.Romantic face 8.Lovable face 9.decent face  &lt;#&gt; .joker face. ham	Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back. ham	Well. You know what i mean. Texting ham	Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ü all for gek1510... ham	Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun.  ham	Wat happened to the cruise thing ham	I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb? spam	lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468 ham	The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences... spam	No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info ham	Yeah just open chat and click friend lists. Then make the list. Easy as pie ham	alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap ham	When/where do I pick you up ham	As usual u can call me ard 10 smth. ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.! ham	For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections. ham	Poor girl can't go one day lmao ham	Or just do that 6times spam	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a £350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your £350 award. ham	You have to pls make a note of all she show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!鈥┾??〨ud evening... ham	Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Franxx ham	Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx ham	So gd got free ice cream... I oso wan... ham	Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed. ham	So how many days since then? ham	Dear are you angry i was busy dear ham	Yup he msg me: is tat yijue? Then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... I'm askin if ü leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ü haf to walk v far... ham	... Are you in the pub? ham	There is a first time for everything :) ham	Daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... U wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat? ham	I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite... ham	Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due ham	Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx ham	East coast ham	You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about ham	My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light! ham	Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week ham	So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on. ham	I'm at bruce &amp; fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story) ham	I dont know oh. Hopefully this month. ham	Hi elaine, is today's meeting confirmed? ham	Ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd.. ham	Sorry, I'll call later ham	U horrible gal... U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me... ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition.. ham	Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window spam	Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time. ham	You didnt complete your gist oh. ham	Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can ham	If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around ham	If I was I wasn't paying attention ham	Thanx a lot 4 ur help! ham	You're gonna have to be way more specific than that ham	Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find ham	I'm wif him now buying tix lar... ham	Mode men or have you left. ham	Am slow in using biola's fne ham	"What are youdoing later? Sar xxx" ham	Hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao... ham	Thank you. do you generally date the brothas? ham	By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x ham	I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much! spam	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even £1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). Its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think??? ham	Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour. ham	And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least ham	I am back. Good journey! Let me know if you need any of the receipts. Shall i tell you like the pendent? ham	So that takes away some money worries ham	aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight? spam	Latest News! Police station toilet stolen, cops have nothing to go on! ham	Sac needs to carry on:) ham	Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls. ham	What???? Hello wats talks email address? ham	Except theres a chick with huge boobs. ham	Im just wondering what your doing right now? ham	Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it. spam	"For the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk" ham	Arun can u transfr m my fortunes.  OLIVER	And what wilt thou do? beg, when that is spent? 	Well, sir, get you in: I will not long be troubled 	with you; you shall have some part of your will: I 	pray you, leave me.  ORLANDO	I will no further offend you than becomes me for my good.  OLIVER	Get you with him, you old dog.  ADAM	Is 'old dog' my reward? Most true, I have lost my 	teeth in your service. God be with my old master! 	he would not have spoke such a word.  	[Exeunt ORLANDO and ADAM]  OLIVER	Is it even so? begin you to grow upon me? I will 	physic your rankness, and yet give no thousand 	crowns neither. Holla, Dennis!  	[Enter DENNIS]  DENNIS	Calls your worship?  OLIVER	Was not Charles, the duke's wrestler, here to speak with me?  DENNIS	So please you, he is here at the door and importunes 	access to you.  OLIVER	Call him in.  	[Exit DENNIS]  	'Twill be a good way; and to-morrow the wrestling is.  	[Enter CHARLES]  CHARLES	Good morrow to your worship.  OLIVER	Good Monsieur Charles, what's the new news at the 	new court?  CHARLES	There's no news at the court, sir, but the old news: 	that is, the old duke is banished by his younger 	brother the new duke; and three or four loving lords 	have put themselves into voluntary exile with him, 	whose lands and revenues enrich the new duke; 	therefore he gives them good leave to wander.  OLIVER	Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke's daughter, be 	banished with her father?  CHARLES	O, no; for the duke's daughter, her cousin, so loves 	her, being ever from their cradles bred together, 	that she would have followed her exile, or have died 	to stay behind her. She is at the court, and no 	less beloved of her uncle than his own daughter; and 	never two ladies loved as they do.  OLIVER	Where will the old duke live?  CHARLES	They say he is already in the forest of Arden, and 	a many merry men with him; and there they live like 	the old Robin Hood of England: they say many young 	gentlemen flock to him every day, and fleet the time 	carelessly, as they did in the golden world.  OLIVER	What, you wrestle to-morrow before the new duke?  CHARLES	Marry, do I, sir; and I came to acquaint you with a 	matter. I am given, sir, secretly to understand 	that your younger brother Orlando hath a disposition 	to come in disguised against me to try a fall. 	To-morrow, sir, I wrestle for my credit; and he that 	escapes me without some broken limb shall acquit him 	well. Your brother is but young and tender; and, 	for your love, I would be loath to foil him, as I 	must, for my own honour, if he come in: therefore, 	out of my love to you, I came hither to acquaint you 	withal, that either you might stay him from his 	intendment or brook such disgrace well as he shall 	run into, in that it is a thing of his own search 	and altogether against my will.  OLIVER	Charles, I thank thee for thy love to me, which 	thou shalt find I will most kindly requite. I had 	myself notice of my brother's purpose herein and 	have by underhand means laboured to dissuade him from 	it, but he is resolute. I'll tell thee, Charles: 	it is the stubbornest young fellow of France, full 	of ambition, an envious emulator of every man's 	good parts, a secret and villanous contriver against 	me his natural brother: therefore use thy 	discretion; I had as lief thou didst break his neck 	as his finger. And thou wert best look to't; for if 	thou dost him any slight disgrace or if he do not 	mightily grace himself on thee, he will practise 	against thee by poison, entrap thee by some 	treacherous device and never leave thee till he 	hath ta'en thy life by some indirect means or other; 	for, I assure thee, and almost with tears I speak 	it, there is not one so young and so villanous this 	day living. I speak but brotherly of him; but 	should I anatomize him to thee as he is, I must 	blush and weep and thou must look pale and wonder.  CHARLES	I am heartily glad I came hither to you. If he come 	to-morrow, I'll give him his payment: if ever he go 	alone again, I'll never wrestle for prize more: and 	so God keep your worship!  OLIVER	Farewell, good Charles.  	[Exit CHARLES]  	Now will I stir this gamester: I hope I shall see 	an end of him; for my soul, yet I know not why, 	hates nothing more than he. Yet he's gentle, never 	schooled and yet learned, full of noble device, of 	all sorts enchantingly beloved, and indeed so much 	in the heart of the world, and especially of my own 	people, who best know him, that I am altogether 	misprised: but it shall not be so long; this 	wrestler shall clear all: nothing remains but that 	I kindle the boy thither; which now I'll go about.  	[Exit]     	AS YOU LIKE IT   ACT I    SCENE II	Lawn before the Duke's palace.   	[Enter CELIA and ROSALIND]  CELIA	I pray thee, Rosalind, sweet my coz, be merry.  ROSALIND	Dear Celia, I show more mirth than I am mistress of; 	and would you yet I were merrier? Unless you could 	teach me to forget a banished father, you must not 	learn me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure.  CELIA	Herein I see thou lovest me not with the full weight 	that I love thee. If my uncle, thy banished father, 	had banished thy uncle, the duke my father, so thou 	hadst been still with me, I could have taught my 	love to take thy father for mine: so wouldst thou, 	if the truth of thy love to me were so righteously 	tempered as mine is to thee.  ROSALIND	Well, I will forget the condition of my estate, to 	rejoice in yours.  CELIA	You know my father hath no child but I, nor none is 	like to have: and, truly, when he dies, thou shalt 	be his heir, for what he hath taken away from thy 	father perforce, I will render thee again in 	affection; by mine honour, I will; and when I break 	that oath, let me turn monster: therefore, my 	sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be merry.  ROSALIND	From henceforth I will, coz, and devise sports. Let 	me see; what think you of falling in love?  CELIA	Marry, I prithee, do, to make sport withal: but 	love no man in good earnest; nor no further in sport 	neither than with safety of a pure blush thou mayst 	in honour come off again.  ROSALIND	What shall be our sport, then?  CELIA	Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from 	her wheel, that her gifts may henceforth be bestowed equally.  ROSALIND	I would we could do so, for her benefits are 	mightily misplaced, and the bountiful blind woman 	doth most mistake in her gifts to women.  CELIA	'Tis true; for those that she makes fair she scarce 	makes honest, and those that she makes honest she 	makes very ill-favouredly.  ROSALIND	Nay, now thou goest from Fortune's office to 	Nature's: Fortune reigns in gifts of the world, 	not in the lineaments of Nature.  	[Enter TOUCHSTONE]  CELIA	No? when Nature hath made a fair creature, may she 	not by Fortune fall into the fire? Though Nature 	hath given us wit to flout at Fortune, hath not 	Fortune sent in this fool to cut off the argument?  ROSALIND	Indeed, there is Fortune too hard for Nature, when 	Fortune makes Nature's natural the cutter-off of 	Nature's wit.  CELIA	Peradventure this is not Fortune's work neither, but 	Nature's; who perceiveth our natural wits too dull 	to reason of such goddesses and hath sent this 	natural for our whetstone; for always the dulness of 	the fool is the whetstone of the wits. How now, 	wit! whither wander you?  TOUCHSTONE	Mistress, you must come away to your father.  CELIA	Were you made the messenger?  TOUCHSTONE	No, by mine honour, but I was bid to come for you.  ROSALIND	Where learned you that oath, fool?  TOUCHSTONE	Of a certain knight that swore by his honour they 	were good pancakes and swore by his honour the 	mustard was naught: now I'll stand to it, the 	pancakes were naught and the mustard was good, and 	yet was not the knight forsworn.  CELIA	How prove you that, in the great heap of your 	knowledge?  ROSALIND	Ay, marry, now unmuzzle your wisdom.  TOUCHSTONE	Stand you both forth now: stroke your chins, and 	swear by your beards that I am a knave.  CELIA	By our beards, if we had them, thou art.  TOUCHSTONE	By my knavery, if I had it, then I were; but if you 	swear by that that is not, you are not forsworn: no 	more was this knight swearing by his honour, for he 	never had any; or if he had, he had sworn it away 	before ever he saw those pancakes or that mustard.  CELIA	Prithee, who is't that thou meanest?  TOUCHSTONE	One that old Frederick, your father, loves.  CELliving in banishment ons of Sir Rowland de Boys6vqjcZsvYTujTlqPFjuyyqIJbrlds5zQennHkxtfQTbL03Gu14110:105::6:3:3563:1517:3336equipLoc^SINVTYPE_NECK^ShaveVoted^b^SlootSlot^N2^Slink^S|cffa335ee|Hitem:151965::::::::1